# Lecture 1: Prof. Sandeep [[Jan 15th, 2025]]
collapsed:: true
	- Philosophical dim of AI
		- Epistemology of AI - How and what of knowledge/Intelligence
		- Ethics of AI - What AI should/n't do? developers should/n't do?
	- Meta-physics
		- What is consciousness?
		- What is Intelligence?
		- Question:- In natural course of evolution, if AI comes out as evolved over humans, do we call it humanity's success or failure?
		- Ethics and Asthetics?
		- Logic
	- AI Ethics
		- Long-term; Futuristic; More abstract
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
			- Super Intelligence/AGI
			- Frankenstein's Monster & Loss of Human control
			- Notion of Agency and Morality of AI system
		- Immediate issues around AI tech
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
			- Privacy
			- Decision Making
			- Bias and Fairness
			- Transparency and Trust
			- Inequities
			- Resource Consumption & Climate impact
			- Legal Frameworks and liability
			- Misuse: Deepfakes, Identity Theft, Fin Frauds, Data Use, Algo Mistakes
	- www.moralmachine.net
	  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- Question: Can we think about morality and Ethics assuming humans are biological robots developed over history of 13billion years?
		-
		-
- # Lecture 2 - Prof. Arpan Kumar Kar [[Jan 22nd, 2025]]
  collapsed:: true
	- What is Ethics? and Ethics in AI?
	- Why do we study AI Ethics when we have to just code?
	- What is difference between AI and ML?
	- Recommender systems
		- Association rule mining
		- Collaborative Filtering
	- Challenges
		- Coping up with process changes
		- Tech stress
	- Grander Challenges of AI
		- Schumpterian Economy
		- rich gets richer, poor gets poor
		- widening of gap between countries
		- rank correlation is less
	- productivity paradox of AI
	- Bass theory of Diffusion
	- Movie recommendation -> Coded Bias
	- Algorithmic determinism problem in recruitment and career progression
	- Euclidian vs Hamiltonian Distance
- # Lecture 3 [[Jan 29th, 2025]]
	- Prof. Chetan Arora
- # Lecture 4 [[Feb 12th, 2025]] [[Feb 12th, 2025]]
	- Prof. Chetan Arora
	- Saliency vs DeconvNet
		- if boat is classified using background (sea/water)-> if boat is outside water accuracy is low
		- silimilarly if training data is fish hanging vertically on hook-> network will learn to see fish vertically only
		- $X_{n}\to X_{n+1}$
		- $\frac{df}{\mathrm{d}x_{n}}=\frac{df}{\mathrm{d}x_{n+1}}\star K_{n}$
	- guided backpropogation
	- if full glass wine
		-
		-
-